{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh14720\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To whom it may concern;\
\
	I'M concerned that I only have one page to explain why I am devoted to the Spotted Hyena. Perhaps the most relevant point however is their constant misrepresentation as guffawing dingbats, slithering around the savannah after the Lion's scraps in gangs for surely they're too stupid to find them alone. The passion I have towards correcting their reputations is rivaled only by the hyenas themselves. The fact that they are not only apex predators in their own right and hunt a majority of their diet is ONE thing, but that lions are actually more prone to stealing from HYENAS than vice versa boils my blood; that they surpass CHIMPS in social intelligence and cooperation (arguably the key to global human dominance) and NO ONE KNOWS sets me aflame. And that not only are their numbers flourishing across myriad ecosystems while lions and other more popular predators are quickly becoming lost to time, these evolutionary juggarnauts are 100% STRICTLY (rigidly) MATRIARCHAL. \
	The misrepresentation is responsible in part due to lack of research and interest as well as superstitions that paint the Hyena as evil or unlucky to come upon. But simply stated, the more I learn about them, the hungrier I become. For the past 3 years I have been consuming every bit of information available scouring the dredges of the internet for what has amounted to...not very much. Though, this is changing rapidly. Along with my own passion for Crocuta Crocuta, so too has the world seemed to open their eyes to the reality of these relentlessly fascinating animals. \
	As for my personal credentials and how reasearching these beasts furthers my professional goals as a whole, social behaviors of hyenas as well as their historical importance in local folklores are relevant to my areas of academic concentration (gender theory, ancient middle eastern studies, anthropolgy, etc.) I've cared for and spent exoribant amounts of time with animals of all classifications but the relavant experiance would be handling and working with and caring for large dogs as well as feral cats.}